#fixing DnD display problems

When using wicket-dnd you will encounter the following obstacles:

== IE and custom cursor images ==
IE loads custom cursor images relative to the current HTML page. This bug affects all IE versions and makes it impossible to use relative URLs inside cursor styles defined in CSS files:

{{{
div.mycursor {
  cursor: url(mycursor.cur};
}
}}}

wicket-dnd offers the [http://code.google.com/p/wicket-dnd/source/browse/trunk/wicket-dnd/src/main/java/wicketdnd/IECursorFix.java IECursorFix] behavior to adjust these styles on the fly via Javascript.

IE 6 might fail to reliably display cursor changes so please use a theme like [http://code.google.com/p/wicket-dnd/source/browse/trunk/wicket-dnd/src/main/java/wicketdnd/theme/WebTheme.java WebTheme] which doesn't utilize cursor changes to indicate DnD operations.

== IE and background images ==
IE 6 doesn't cache background images defined in CSS. This leads to excessive flickering especially when hovering with the mouse over HTML elements.
wicket-dnd offers the [http://code.google.com/p/wicket-dnd/source/browse/trunk/wicket-dnd/src/main/java/wicketdnd/IEBackgroundImageCacheFix.java IEBackgroundImageCacheFix] behavior to force image caching via Javascript.

== Opera and custom cursor images ==
Opera doesn't support custom cursor images. Please use a theme like [http://code.google.com/p/wicket-dnd/source/browse/trunk/wicket-dnd/src/main/java/wicketdnd/theme/WebTheme.java WebTheme] which doesn't utilize cursor changes to indicate DnD operations.